update CloudDualStackNodeIPs to beta (#42875)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

* kube-proxy:
  * `--cluster-cidr=<IPv4 CIDR>,<IPv6 CIDR>`
* kubelet:
  * when there is no `--cloud-provider` the administrator can pass a comma-separated pair of IP
    addresses via `--node-ip` to manually configure dual-stack `.status.addresses` for that Node.
    If a Pod runs on that node in HostNetwork mode, the Pod reports these IP addresses in its
    `.status.podIPs` field.
    All `podIPs` in a node match the IP family preference defined by the `.status.addresses`

>     field for that Node.

Author: I ended up dropping this part because it's not really about `kubelet --node-ip` (it's true whether the IPs were assigned by `--node-ip` or by default) and because it's kind of obvious anyway... It was interesting to note these things at one point in the past when we had just _fixed_ that behavior, but at this point, this is just how anyone would _expect_ it to work.

>     * This is required for "bare metal" dual-stack nodes (i.e., nodes with no

Reviewer: This option is required for bare metal dual-stack nodes (nodes that do not define a cloud provider with the `--cloud-provider` flag). If you are using a cloud provider and choose to override the node IPs chosen by the cloud provider, set the `--node-ip` option.

Author: ok

>     * This is required for "bare metal" dual-stack nodes (i.e., nodes with no
>       `--cloud-provider`). If you are using a cloud provider, you only need to pass an

Reviewer 2: How about:
```suggestion
    * this is required for dual-stack nodes in "bare metal" mode (nodes where you do not specify
      `--cloud-provider` as a command line argument to the kubelet). The kubelet publishes the
      IP addresses that you specify, as `.status.addresses`.  
      If you are using a cloud provider integration, you only need to pass an
```

Does the kubelet ever autodetect dual-stack `.status.addresses`? If so, we should try to tweak the wording further.

Author: No; if you specify neither `--cloud-provider` nor `--node-ip`, then kubelet autodetects a _single_ node IP.

>     * (The legacy built-in cloud providers do not support dual-stack `--node-ip`.)

Author: Not sure about wording here... but it seemed like it made more sense to describe the non-legacy-cloud-provider behavior first and then add a disclaimer about the legacy cloud providers, so we can just remove that sentence once they go away?

address - see [RFC 4193](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4193))
{{< /note >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: Better to put a heading here.
```suggestion

### Custom node IP address settings

```
Even better though: move this inside the `kubelet` item earlier in the section, and reword accordingly. That's really what I'd like.

Author: > move this inside the `kubelet` item earlier in the section

oh, right, good catch

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.29" state="beta" >}}

When using an external cloud provider, you can pass a dual-stack `--node-ip` value to
kubelet. This is only supported for cloud providers that support dual stack clusters.

> 

Reviewer 2: What do we support for `--node-ip`, dual-stack, and a bare metal cluster? Let's make that clear.
